You're late.
Have you ever seen a big shot who is not late?
robbery
Say
Guys, I'm here
What's the matter?
Come at me
outrageous
Boy, did you just curse the night market?
No, I'm just telling the truth.
Now I'm the heir to the Night Market Group
Please speak to me politely
And I just got on the job.
Please give me your numbers.
I want to meet you all.
Hahahahaha oops
It's ridiculous
Take a look.
And that is ignorance.
Ye Tianci, I respect you
I call you big brother
But I also want to remind you that today
But the highest-ranking board of directors of the night market group
All of you here are shareholders of the group
Everybody's worth a trillion dollars.
Even Weixiong speaks
Wouldn't use such a light tone
Do you feel like becoming the president?
You can do whatever you want
Isn't it?
Boy, I'll tell you
This CEO is not an easy job
Any opinions or ideas
Have to go through our board of directors
Which one of you is not deeply rooted?
Does not represent a bride price
Instead, a little security guard like you
Very rude
What about me?
Used to be rude
I can't stand it
If you can't stand it, you'll get used to it.